Update migration.md (#290)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: docs/administrator-manual/migration.md

- **Bandwidth monitor** (ntopng): available in [Real-time monitoring](./monitoring/monitoring.md) and [Metrics](./system/controller.md)
- **Fail2ban**: replaced by Threat Shield [brute force protection](./security/threat_shield_ip.md)
- **Threat Shield DNS**: must be reconfigured manually — see [Threat Shield DNS](./security/threat_shield_dns.md)

> - **Custom templates** (`template-custom`): are not migrated. Verify whether they are still required in the new version and, if so, recreate them manually or, where supported, from the web interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Custom templates** (`template-custom`): not migrated — this mechanism no longer exists in NethSecurity. The web interface now exposes far more configuration options than in NethServer 7, so check whether the same result can be achieved directly from the UI.
```
